yes we at least we're here in
overcrowded ra we're able to see and
documents the daily struggle of of the
people in ra City in finding foods and
in drinkable water so far it has been
very difficult for the 1.9 million
displaced Palestinian Corner in rafah
City the vast majority of them are in
tent camps in maasi area that's in
western part of rafah city where they
lack the very basic supplies and
infrastructure and all the Necessities
that help them survive these difficult
times but we're looking at an overly
hungry population just given the fact
that there no Aid being delivered the
mechanism is broken the much of the
commercial uh tracks that been allowed
to private sectors are not enough or if
they are allowed into ENT Gaza prices
tripled and sometimes went higher than
what people are able to afford they
don't have the cash flow to buy them
they don't have the purchasing capacity
given the fact that the vast majority of
employees or private sector employee do
not have did not have their paychecks
since the beginning of the war or even
uh PA employee don't have the the enough
financial capabilities to buy so the
vast majority of people here if not all
of them they are living on either one
meal a day or they go for days entire
families go for days without any proper
food uh to eat and in fact most of the
can food they've been eating and given
the fact that it's it's it's it's
blocked on the bra Crossing for so long
it goes bad and it's not suitable for
human consumption so we look at
different categories here including
those newborn newborn babies who are
struggling and dying because of Mal
nutrition those who are breastfeeding
women and pregnant women as well are not
able to continue with their pregnancy or
breastfeeding properly because they lack
the uh the nutrients uh needed for them
to sustain their health and to continue
uh given to their children those who are
uh uh are able to move they are filling
the streets here we see children uh
roaming uh filled uh streets filled
Rubble streets here just searching for
scraps of food and in fact and according
to a report by the United Nations and
also the Islamic relief worldwide they
look at at the on the internationally
recognized five phase scale of of food
that classify food crisis we look at
that quarter of Gaza population that's
half a million people are in in extreme
famine right now and that number we're
looking at people who remain in the
northern part of G history were for
weeks now they haven't been able to
receive any any of the food that been
allowed into the Gaza Strip L alone the
contaminated water that been drinking
leading into the spread of diseases as a
result of waterborne diseases risking
the lives of not only the people people
who are able to continue but also the
most vulnerable group among of them
children and those with with health
complications the situations continue
get worse in each passing day and the
fact we don't have a clear mechanism for
humanitarian Aid and much needed medical
supplies and and and essential items to
help people survive we're looking at
entire Mass starvation for people all of
this is happening under intense bombing
campaign that continues to pound across
the Gaza Strip yeah half a million
people in extreme famine it's a very
troubling situation very troubling
numbers honey thanks for that honey
Mahmud